Organizing and updating the description of test vectors in the README (#8)
awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-test-vectors: README.md

This repository contains known-good static test files for testing compatibility of AWS Encryption
SDK clients.

# Test Vectors

The `vectors` directory contains known good test vectors for full message decryption (the test vectors 
for full message encryption will be added at a later stage). These test vectors are contained in zip files 
that identify the aws encryption sdk client and version that were used to generate them. 

The zip filename format used is `IMPLEMENTATION-VERSION.zip`. For example, a zip file containing test vectors
 generated using version 1.3.5 of the AWS Encryption SDK for Python would be named:  `python-1.3.5.zip`.

The contents of `vectors/full-message-decrypt` conform to the new test vector framework specification.
(NOTE: This README will be updated with links to the specification once it is made avaialable) and were generated 
from this [implementation](https://github.com/aws/aws-encryption-sdk-python/tree/master/test_vector_handlers) in 
the AWS Encryption SDK for Python.

The contents of each zip file follow the below format:
```
plaintext/<text size name>
ciphertext/<test case uuid>
<manifests>
```

> 

Reviewer: I think this would be a good place to call out that the entry point should always be `manifest.json`.

# Legacy Vectors

The following vectors are recognized to be used for legacy purporses only:
- python-1.3.0.zip

> Note: The legacy vectors donot follow the new test vector framework specification and instead follows the old 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The legacy vectors do not follow the new test vector framework specification and instead follows the old 
```
